README.md, before:

# Configuration template for NPM modules written in TypeScript

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/MaximeKjaer/npm-ts-template.svg?token=soqG4sgcMQUgpCtPSUUr&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/MaximeKjaer/npm-ts-template)

A configuration template for NPM modules written in TypeScript.

## Using this template

If you want to use this template for your project, you can [start a new repo with the same files and folders as this repo](https://github.com/MaximeKjaer/npm-ts-template/generate). Remember to:

- [ ] Remove the API key in `.travis.yml`
- [ ] Change the email in `.travis.yml`
- [ ] Change the GitHub repo link in `.travis.yml`
- [ ] Change the GitHub repo links in `package.json`
- [ ] Change the author name in `package.json`
- [ ] Change the author name in `LICENSE`
- [ ] Change links in `README`

You can also search the project for "fixme" (case insensitive) to find what what needs to be changed. Please remember to change the `LICENSE` as well! It does not include a `fixme` annotation in order not to mess with its validity.

## Commands

| `npm run ...`        | Description                                                                      |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `build`              | Run all build steps                                                              |
| `build:ts`           | Compile TypeScript files in `src` to `dist`                                      |
| `clean`              | Delete all build artifacts                                                       |
| `test`               | Run all tests                                                                    |
| `test:format`        | Test code formatting for all JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON and YAML files         |
| `test:lint`          | Test TypeScript files for linting errors                                         |
| `test:package`       | Test that paths in `package.json` exist                                          |
| `test:tslint-config` | Test that `tslint.json` does not contain rules conflicting with formatting rules |
| `test:unit`          | Run Mocha unit tests                                                             |
| `fix`                | Run all fixes                                                                    |
| `fix:lint`           | Fix linting errors in TypeScript files                                           |
| `fix:format`         | Fix formatting errors for all JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON and YAML files        |

## Releasing versions

To release a new version, run `npm version patch`, `npm version minor` or `npm version major`. Travis CI will automatically deploy the new version once the CI build passes.

## Bonus gotcha!

Here is a bonus gotcha that I didn't mention in the article:

`pkg-ok` can give false positives if there are stale build artifacts, so it's important to clean before building when releasing a version, to make sure that the `package.json` we're about to release is valid. Still, at the very worst case, the CI would catch the error, although a version number may already have been issued at that point, in which case we've "wasted" a version number.

Commit message:

Add link to article in README

README.md, after:

# Configuration template for NPM modules written in TypeScript

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/MaximeKjaer/npm-ts-template.svg?token=soqG4sgcMQUgpCtPSUUr&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/MaximeKjaer/npm-ts-template)

A configuration template for NPM modules written in TypeScript. This is the companion repository to [this article](https://kjaer.io/ts-npm-config/).

## Using this template

If you want to use this template for your project, you can [start a new repo with the same files and folders as this repo](https://github.com/MaximeKjaer/npm-ts-template/generate). Remember to:

- [ ] Remove the API key in `.travis.yml`
- [ ] Change the email in `.travis.yml`
- [ ] Change the GitHub repo link in `.travis.yml`
- [ ] Change the GitHub repo links in `package.json`
- [ ] Change the author name in `package.json`
- [ ] Change the author name in `LICENSE`
- [ ] Change links in `README`

You can also search the project for "fixme" (case insensitive) to find what what needs to be changed. Please remember to change the `LICENSE` as well! It does not include a `fixme` annotation in order not to mess with its validity.

## Commands

| `npm run ...`        | Description                                                                      |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `build`              | Run all build steps                                                              |
| `build:ts`           | Compile TypeScript files in `src` to `dist`                                      |
| `clean`              | Delete all build artifacts                                                       |
| `test`               | Run all tests                                                                    |
| `test:format`        | Test code formatting for all JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON and YAML files         |
| `test:lint`          | Test TypeScript files for linting errors                                         |
| `test:package`       | Test that paths in `package.json` exist                                          |
| `test:tslint-config` | Test that `tslint.json` does not contain rules conflicting with formatting rules |
| `test:unit`          | Run Mocha unit tests                                                             |
| `fix`                | Run all fixes                                                                    |
| `fix:lint`           | Fix linting errors in TypeScript files                                           |
| `fix:format`         | Fix formatting errors for all JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON and YAML files        |

## Releasing versions

To release a new version, run `npm version patch`, `npm version minor` or `npm version major`. Travis CI will automatically deploy the new version once the CI build passes.

## Bonus gotcha!

Here is a bonus gotcha that I didn't mention in the article:

`pkg-ok` can give false positives if there are stale build artifacts, so it's important to clean before building when releasing a version, to make sure that the `package.json` we're about to release is valid. Still, at the very worst case, the CI would catch the error, although a version number may already have been issued at that point, in which case we've "wasted" a version number.
